*For ideal viewing experience use the editor size greater than or equals to 154X55*

In the repository there are two folders namely Result and Code.
The result folder contains all the screenshots of the plots obtained from al the
questions labeled properly.

The codes folders contain the scripts for each question and the functions used.
The Pictures in the Result folders are in .jpeg format and can be opened easily by
most of the picture viewing software.
All the codes run on Matlab without any issue.

Question 1 

Here we had been given a voice signal and had to find its sampling frequency and
the samples at all that points. But we see that no of our samples were only 7045
were the sampling frequency was 8000 therfore multiplying 7045 with inverse of
frequency we get the time duration of the signal. and to find the no of bits to be
used in ADC i have taken ceiling of the logarithm of bit rate.  ANd the no of
quantisation levels is 2 power of the no of bits used in ADC And then played the
sound with different sampling frequencies. observations are present in Theory part.

Question 2

In the second question we need to take samples of the given sine function and now
we have a writtena quant function which quantizes the signal and gives the output
to another array. and we can find the error in this by subtracting the quantised
signal from the original. Now we calculate the maximum error by varying the no of
levels and note our observations. And also we calculate the signal to noise ratio.
and check what happens to it when B is increased. All of theese data are plotted in
subplots.

Question 3
In the third question we need to retake our original voice signal and perform
quantization with varying levels of quantization and play them. Observations are
mentioned in theory part.

THEORY QUESTIONS:

4.1.

The number of bits used in the ADC is eqaul to ceil(log2(n)) , where n is the bit
rate and in this case it is equal to 16. So we get the number of bits required to
be 4.
Now the number of levels of quantization  is 2^b, b is number of bits and here b =
4 , so the number of levels of quantization is 16.

When we use lower sampling frequencies we notice that the voice is dragging and
less clear while when we increase the sampling frequency we notice that the voice
is quick and not clear.

The property used is frequency scaling.

4.2

 As the B increses from 1 to 8 the quantized signal comes nearer to the original
 sampled signal.
 As the B increses from 1 to 8 the maximum absolute quantization error decreses .
 As the B increses from 1 to 8 the SQNR increses .

4.3

  At L=8,the audio is not as clear as that of the original signal.
  As the L increses from 1 to 256 the quality of the audio increses and we get
  clear audio at higher L values.
  As L increases the frequency of the quantized signal doesnt change.


