Under the lab1-13_team_zeus folder In the repository there are two folders
namely Result and Code. The result folder contains all the screenshots of the plots
obtained from al the questions labeled properly, The Fourier coefficients could not be placed in this folder as the outputs were pretty big. The codes folders contain the
scripts for each question and the functions used. There is one more word document
containing All the theoretical question and the problem solving part.

The Pictures in the Result folders are in .jpeg format and can be opened easily by
most of the picture viewing software.
All the codes run on Matlab without any issue.

1st Question

1(a)

In first Question there are 2 scripts and a function 1a and 1c
here N is the subscript k in Ak where k varies from -N to N
T is the time period of the function
a, b are the upper and lower limits of integration as our function is zero below
-1/4 and above 1/4 We have considered our limits to be -1/4 and 1/4.
Here t is the variable on which differentiation is performed our expression is set
to the triangular wave function By passing all the parameters to the fourierCoeff
function. This function initialises w0 as 2*pi/T initialises a vector F of length
2*N+1 with 0.Here FS_idx can be considered as the range of the function Now in the
for loop nn is the iterator from 1 to 2*N+1 on integrating the expression*the
exponential part of the Fourier series we get our Fourier series coefficients(Ak's).
Next it prints the Fourier coefficients. After coming out of the function the next
lines of the code plot the real and imaginary parts of the graph using the stem
function.

1(c)

Everything except the function on which the fourier is transfrmed is same here
instead of the triangular wave sin(w0t) is used.


2nd Question

2(a)
The second question uses the function written for the first question and also a new
function is defined for the second question.
The Goal of 2(a) is reconstruction of the same triangular wave signal in one period
using their Fourier coefficient as we know x(t) is the summation of all the Ak's
multiplied by e^(jkw0t) from -1/2 to 1/2. We use the output of the first function
written in this problem now this is given a input to the partialfouriersum which
adds u all the Ak*^(jkw0t) terms to reproduce the signal from their Fourier
coefficients.

2(b)

In 2b we build our original function so that we can compare this to the reproduced
signal, this code simply constructs and plots both the original and reconstructed
signal.

2(c)
Under the third part of the second question we find the normal error and the mean
square error btw the original and reconstructed signals this script contains simple
for loop containing subtractions, multiplications etc.. for calculating the errors.
The normal error is the subtraction of the value of the reconstructed signal from
the the original signal.
The mean sqaure error is the average of the squares of the individual(normal) errors
The two errors are calculated in two scripts namely Ques2c_1 and Ques2c_2

2(d)

Both the errors calculated in the above question are now plotted in the same graph
and  the values of N are varied from 1 to 100. from the outputs of the graph we see
that with increase in N the value of the error is reduced, more significantly the
value of Mean Square error  is reduced significantly to the terms of 10^(-18).

3rd Question

3(b)
The code written for the first question can now again be used to find the fourier
series coefficients of the sqaure wave in this question and that is what we did, by
changing the function, Time period and the intervals in the first question we can
arrive at the solution for this question. As the value T=100 was too time consuming
we couldnt do it instead we plotted it for the values of T = 1,5,10.

In the results 3(b)-1 is for N = 100 and 3(b)-2 is for N = 1000

3(c)

Now again for reconstruction of the signal we can use the code written for the
second question and change the function, Time period and others in them to obtain
the reconstructed signal

4th Question

4(a)
This is a classical even function so again using the function written for the first
question we can easily get the fourier coefficients of the function y = |x| we can
observe as it is a real and even function we get our coefficients t be real and
even.

4(b)
This now is the classical example of real and odd function. Now using th
fouriercoef function we can calculate the fourier sereis coefficients of the
y=x function. As we noe from properties of fourier series the fourier coefficients
will odd and purely imaginary.
