*For ideal viewing experience use the editor size greater than or equals to 154X55*

In the repository there are two folders namely Result and Code.
The result folder contains all the screenshots of the plots obtained from al the questions labeled properly.

The codes folders contain the scripts for each question and the functions used.
The Pictures in the Result folders are in .jpeg format and can be opened easily by
most of the picture viewing software.
All the codes run on Matlab without any issue.

Question 1

In our first question we got our x(t) by taking a time interval 0:0.00-1:2 so that
it looks like a continous signal. Now we take our sampling frequency to be 0.1 and
create discrete time signal x[n] from our x(t). Now this samples are to be used in
the further questions.

Question 2

Here we had to use interp1() inbuilt function
there are 3 different types of interpolations
1) for zero hold we use the mode as 'nearest' in interp1 here to obtain our results.
2) For linear interpolation we put the mode 'linear' in interp1 here to obtain our
results
3) For the third part where we had to use the formula given in our handout and got
our outputs.
Now after this we compare this to our original signal and calculate maximum
absolute error which is modulus of the difference between original signal and the
reconstructed signal using the three methods.

Question 3

Here we have a non band limited signal but we only performed the samples only for
the base of the triangular wave. Now we do this for multiple smapling frequencies
testing what happens when sampling frequency is increased i.e Ts is decreased. Now
for the different values of Ts we have plotted the graphs using sub plot. and
finally we put the reconstructed and the samples side by side just to have a
comparision.

Question 4

We reconstruct our signals similar to the above question and all th plots are also
similar to the above question the only change being that here we have a sine
function instead of the trianular wave.
This question is different from our above questions as here we have our sampling
rate less than nyquist rate for some cases in this, therefore aliasing occurs that
is the signal is not reconstructed properly. In our question for ts = 0.1 the
signal is perfectly recontructed as the nyquist rate is lower than the sampling
rate, but for all others the sampling rate is either equal or less than nyquist
rate therefore aliasing occurs.

                                    Theory

3.2) As we move from 0 to 2 along the x - axis then we observee the quality of the reconstruction is low at the neighbourhood of 0 and 2. The error increses towards the edges of 0 and 2.

3.3) As Ts decreases we get closer to the exact reconstruction of the original function x(t).

3.4) The nyquist rate of the given signal is 5.
     For Ts>0.2 aliasing occurs  and so we cannot reconstruct the given function x(t).
