For ideal viewing experience use the editor size greater than or equals to 154X55*

In the repository there are two folders namely Result and Code.
The result folder contains all the screenshots of the plots obtained from al the
questions labeled properly.

The codes folders contain the scripts for each question and the functions used.
The Pictures in the Result folders are in .jpeg format and can be opened easily by
most of the picture viewing software.
All the codes run on Matlab without any issue.

Question 1

In the first question we basically had to write a script and function for summation of
sinusoids of different frequencies. here the function takes inputs the vectors A,F,P, and the values td,fs giving an output xt.

All the parts only had various different types of summation. So the basic input and output types are same.

Question 2 
 
The second question was similar to first question but here addition was to be done to the harmonics.

and try this for different values of A,N,f0 

Question 3

In the third question we created an envelope using the ASDR this is type of a filter but not exactly a filter here a function
 and a script had to written were function calculates the envelope and we multiply this value to the original signal to get our 
restricted output.

Here set 1 is for values 0.2,0.2,0.7,0.4,0.2
and set 2 is for  values 0.3,0.1,0.5,0.4,0.2

Here we have three outputs first being the original signal the second is the envelope and the third is the restricted one.

Question 4

In the fourth question we had to make tunes by urselves using the notes generated in the above questions, by changing F_notes
we had to use random F_notes and random td_notes also and obsere the outputs, and finally we had to pick a tune ourselves and tryto regenerate it.


THEORY

5.1-d They are phone ringing sounds.
e-  The periods of the three signal is different from each other period(A)<period(B)<period(C) It is not of this order 
if it is a continuous signal but as it is a discrete time signal the period can only be an integer the order changes.
5.2-f There is no significant change in the sound heard.As frequency increases the loudness(amplitude) of the signal decreases.




